Replace outdated factories info with sharing workspace with devfile URL (#1745)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/contributor-guide/partials/proc_adding-a-che-theia-plug-in-to-the-che-plug-in-registry.adoc

.Procedure

> . Submit a PR with the `meta.yaml` file of your Che-Theia plug-in in the `v3/plugins/<your-plugin-publisher-name>/<your-plugin-name>/<version>/` directory to the {prod-short} plug-in registry GitHub repository at link:https://github.com/eclipse/che-plugin-registry/[che-plugin-registry].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Submit a pull request to link:{url-plug-in-registry-repo}[the plug-in registry repository] containing the `meta.yaml` file of the plug-in in the `v3/plugins/__<plugin-publisher>__/__<plugin-name>__/__<plug-in-version>__/` directory.
```

Author: applied

+

> For example, SonarLint Che-Theia plug-in is located in the `v3/plugins/sonarsource/sonarlint-vscode/0.0.1/meta.yaml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Location of `meta.yaml` file for the SonarLint Che-Theia plug-in
====
----
v3/plugins/sonarsource/sonarlint-vscode/0.0.1/meta.yaml
----
====
```

Author: applied
